plaintext: Clarify only handshake messages being framed (#295)
libp2p/specs: plaintext/README.md

### Message Framing

> All [plaintext protocol specific messages](#messages) sent over the wire are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All [handshake messages](#messages) sent over the wire are
```

prefixed with the message length in bytes, encoded as an unsigned variable
length integer as defined by the [multiformats unsigned-varint

> spec][uvarint-spec]. Data send via a negotiated plaintext protocol connection is
> not prefixed with the data length, but send as is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spec][uvarint-spec]. Actual payloads exchanged once the plaintext handshake has completed are NOT prefixed with their lengths, but sent as-is.
```
